hello everyone and welcome to the
combined Federal Campaign every fall
volunteers run local CFC campaigns and
federal workplaces across the country
and around the world to encourage their
co-workers to give it's not surprising
that you all undertake this effort as
federal workers you've chosen to devote
your careers to serving your nation and
your fellow citizens every day you
protect us from threats abroad and right
here at home you enforce our laws you
support our schools work to keep us
healthy and make sure our government
works like it should we're all very
grateful for your service going above
and beyond your daily duties you also
answered the call of the CFC
contributing more than six billion
dollars since nineteen sixty one each of
you should be proud of this achievement
you give when times are good you give
when nobody could fault you for saying
not this year and I hope you'll give
even more now when you see so many of
your neighbors are counting on you
federal workers like you are helping to
promote a spirit of service all across
America from the CFC to your
overwhelming response to the United we
serve initiative and together we can do
even more building on the momentum of
the previous CFCs this year's campaign
lets you ensure that the Charities of
your choice can continue to fulfill
their missions there more than 2000
charities on your CFC list everything
from local youth baseball to fighting
hunger across the globe you can sign up
for payroll deductions and spread your
gift over the entire year and remember
that your contribution is tax deductible
and even a small amount can make a big
difference the combined Federal Campaign
is the world's largest workplace Giving
Campaign through this effort you have
saved lives and lifted up families and
communities here in America and around
the world in tough times our charities
need all we can give so I hope you can
give them all that you can thank you god
bless you and God bless america